This will be our home from now on
Don't you dare drive me away
Then I'd be homeless.
Silly girl
This will be your home from now on
Even if we die later
Our descendants will also help us complain about our ancestral graves
Kobayashi
Sister-in-law is alright
Come on in.
Ouch, you say this is caught up by me every time.
I'm so embarrassed.
Sister-in-law can really joke
Are you here to find Lin Xiaolin?
Ah, it's like this.
You two
Now he's a big hit in the village
You have a large number of acquisitions.
The price is fair
The folks are so happy
Special thanks to you both
Hey left son
I just sold over 700
Forget the past
I'll sell it for about 200 yuan now.
But it broke me
You won't lose, will you?
No, we just make less money.
And Li Xiaoling has already talked to the mall
As long as we deliver regularly
You won't lose money.
Don't worry, that's fine.
Then I'm relieved.
You guys continue?
It's nice to be young
Sister-in-law walk slowly